DO NOW:
	disable autofill

	page authentication:
		encode and escape token to prevent XSS | use salt/hash encode key the chosen password for each site, SHA? 
		sanitize passcode input and localStorage.setItem to prevent scripting attacks
		set password: a encrypted encoded message which can only be decoded by having the right password - this way no one can see the real password by looking at the code
		different passwords for each page
		kinda broken - need to reenter auth twice sometimes?
	
	loading indicator for slow connections - sidebar, video player and authentication need loading indicator.
	
	animations - dfjames (sidebar, video player?)
	
	disable right click for security

	buttons space-evenly

	load netlify srript async/defer and maybe in body?

private restrictions: 
	check on google webmaster tools


ask if they want the site to be modeled after the medi-map app or the website - pt sans or helvetica, colours, etc.
ask if they want a footer

when to use async and preload - put them in html.js or layout/index?

add google analytics

comment the code

autoprefixer

gzipping if its on rackspace - is that server side?

move header/navigation into layout/index?

add markdown to index page and add index page to netlify for customization

update page title based on page, e.g. "Hospice | Medi-Map"

Backend for authentication:
	Apollo + Graph Cool for serverless (potentially added directly to Gatsby)
	Express - would host the back end on a different service - Now.sh, Heroku, Google App Engine, Amazon EC2, (Firebase?) can put server on subdomain and use Netlify's proxying
	to connect the two: https://www.netlify.com/blog/2016/03/10/go-static-without-losing-your-server/.

change player.js origin to their domain name when done


optimise
minify css and put css in right folders
compress everything
optimise video pages?


IF HOSTING WITH APACHE: watch Wes Bos 28


CMS options:
- Headless Wordpress + Gatsby - need two domains? static hosted gatsby site queries a wordpress site
thats also hosted somewhere? Pricey potentially?

- Prismic + Gatsby

MIGRATION:
	give access to google api page
	set up netlify account + netlifycms account
	potentially github/gitlab account
	